feat: support bootstrap_file on authentication for build-in-database (#13336)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-13336.en.md

> Added support for configuring the bootstrap_file and bootstrap_type when using the built-in db authentication method.

Reviewer: - change log should be added when merge the code to `master` branch.
- also:
```suggestion
Added new configs `bootstrap_file` and `bootstrap_type` for built-in database for authentication to support bootstrapping the table with csv file.
```
